README.md, before:

planeworld
==========

planeworld is a 2D physics engine.

Installation
------------

### libnoise2d

    > git clone path/to/libnoise.git
    > mkdir libnoise/build
    > cd libnoise/build
    > cmake ../
    > ccmake .
    Configure install path (e.g. ~/bin/)
    > make install

### planeworld

    > git clone path/to/planeworld.git
    > cp planeworld/SETENV ~/bin/
    > source ~/bin/SETENV
    > mkdir planeworld/build
    > cd planeworld/build
    > cmake ../
    > ccmake .
    Configure install path (e.g. ~/bin/)
    > make install


Usage
-----

    > planeworld ~/bin/share/planeworld/data/solar_system.xml

| Key/Mouse                | Description                     |
|--------------------------|---------------------------------|
| 0                        | Toggle timers on/off            |
| 1                        | Toggle timer 1 start/stop       |
| 2                        | Toggle timer 2 start/stop       |
| 3                        | Toggle timer 3 start/stop       |
| g                        | Show grid                       |
| b                        | Show bounding boxes             |
| k                        | Show kinematics states          |
| c                        | Cycle through cameras           |
| l                        | Load game state                 |
| n                        | Show center of mass (COM)       |
| n                        | Show names                      |
| s                        | Save game state                 |
| t                        | Show object trajectories        |
| v                        | Toggle graphics (on/off)        |
| Home                     | Toggle command console          |
| ESC                      | Quit                            |
| + / a                    | Accelerate time (only key-pad +)|
| + / a  and CTRL          | ... and allow timestep increment|
| - / d                    | Decelarate time                 |
| RETURN/ENTER             | Reset time                      |     
| p                        | Pause physics                   |
| SPACE                    | Stepwise physics (when paused)  |
| Mouse-Wheel              | Zoom                            |
| Right-Mouse + Move Up    | Zoom in                         |
| Right-Mouse + Move Down  | Zoom out                        |
| Right-Mouse + Move Left  | Rotate clockwise                |
| Right-Mouse + Move Right | Rotate counterclockwise         |
| Left-Mouse + Move        | Translate                       |

Commit message:

Add Lua console mode and tab completion
Fix #54

README.md, after:

planeworld
==========

planeworld is a 2D physics engine.

Installation
------------

### libnoise2d

    > git clone path/to/libnoise.git
    > mkdir libnoise/build
    > cd libnoise/build
    > cmake ../
    > ccmake .
    Configure install path (e.g. ~/bin/)
    > make install

### planeworld

    > git clone path/to/planeworld.git
    > cp planeworld/SETENV ~/bin/
    > source ~/bin/SETENV
    > mkdir planeworld/build
    > cd planeworld/build
    > cmake ../
    > ccmake .
    Configure install path (e.g. ~/bin/)
    > make install


Usage
-----

    > planeworld ~/bin/share/planeworld/data/solar_system.xml

| Key/Mouse                | Description                     |
|--------------------------|---------------------------------|
| 0                        | Toggle timers on/off            |
| 1                        | Toggle timer 1 start/stop       |
| 2                        | Toggle timer 2 start/stop       |
| 3                        | Toggle timer 3 start/stop       |
| g                        | Show grid                       |
| b                        | Show bounding boxes             |
| k                        | Show kinematics states          |
| c                        | Cycle through cameras           |
| l                        | Load game state                 |
| m                        | Show center of mass (COM)       |
| n                        | Show names                      |
| s                        | Save game state                 |
| t                        | Show object trajectories        |
| v                        | Toggle graphics (on/off)        |
| Home                     | Toggle command console          |
| TAB                      | Tab completion in console mode  |
| ESC                      | Quit                            |
| + / a                    | Accelerate time (only key-pad +)|
| + / a  and CTRL          | ... and allow timestep increment|
| - / d                    | Decelarate time                 |
| RETURN/ENTER             | Reset time                      |     
| p                        | Pause physics                   |
| SPACE                    | Stepwise physics (when paused)  |
| Mouse-Wheel              | Zoom                            |
| Right-Mouse + Move Up    | Zoom in                         |
| Right-Mouse + Move Down  | Zoom out                        |
| Right-Mouse + Move Left  | Rotate clockwise                |
| Right-Mouse + Move Right | Rotate counterclockwise         |
| Left-Mouse + Move        | Translate                       |
